Phoenix 
======= 

Phoenix is a hardware plus software framework for developing computer
interfaced science experiments without getting in to the details of
electronics or computer programming. Sensor and control elements
connected to Phoenix can be accessed using simple commands. Text based
and GUI programs are available for several experiments. Python
programming language is used as a tool for data acquisition, analysis,
display and for writing simulation programs.

Objective of the project is to improve the laboratory facilities at
the Universities and also to utilize computers in a better manner to
teach science. The hardware design is freely available. The project is
based on Free Software tools and the code is distributed under GNU
General Public License. The figure above shows Phoenix connected to a
netbook working as a low frequency oscilloscope and waveform
generator.

The basic interfface consists of several Digital and Analog
Input/Output channels with some extra features like frequency counter,
waveform generator, amplifiers, constant current source
etc. Accessories are developed for performing several experiments,
utilizing different kinds of sensor elements. In some cases where the
acessories require a lot of inter-connections with the basic
interface, we have integrated them into a single box that can be
directly interfaced to the PC, resulting in Derivatives of
Phoenix. Phoenix also works as a micro-controller development kit,
uisng the gcc-avr compiler.

Phoenix is a Project of Inter University Accelerator Centre, New Delhi 110 067

Design and Code
=============== 
Dr. Ajith Kumar BP
ajith@iuac.res.in

Web
===
http://www.iuac.res.in/phoenix

Code Repository
===============
https://github.com/phoenix-project/phoenix

License
=======

All the software included in this package are under GNU GPL v3.0 or
later, unless other wise stated.



